well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about an unwritten rule of internet
journalism the comment section and we're
gonna revisit Rule three of the week
we're going to talk about that again so
the unwritten rule is that you never
under any circumstance read the comment
section under your work if you are
publishing on the Internet you never
read your own comment section if you do
what you're going to find is every
grammar expert in the world congregating
to critique your work you will find
everybody with a differing opinion
explaining what a horrible person you
are you will find just a whole bunch of
stuff that is bad for morale and bad for
productivity most people don't read
their own comment sections especially if
they're writing I read the comments
section under these videos tried to read
them all actually but last night I ran
across a comment that was from somebody
who was hearing impaired and they were
just expressing their frustration that
the closed captioning was messing up and
I commented explaining yes there's a
glitch you know we are aware of it
there's nothing we can really do about
it it's it's on the other end but I kept
an eye on the video waiting for the
closed captioning to show up and when it
did I went back to the comment and what
I found was that one of you had
transcribed the entire video and put a
below
that's pretty cool that is pretty cool
that is rule 303 now that term gets
thrown around a lot on the channel but I
realized that videos old a lot of people
who have just arrived may not know that
know what it is I'll link the original
video that explains where the term came
from and how it kind of evolved below
but the general gist of it is if you
have the means at hand you have the
responsibility to act now normally given
where the term originated this is used
to describe something that is typically
necessary but not necessarily good it's
not necessarily good thing I love the
fact that now it's being used to
describe things that are good and that
are good by themselves not good in
relation to other stuff we're probably
headed into a couple of rough months in
the US and it might be a good idea for
everybody to remember that if you have
the means at hand you have the
responsibility to act if you see
somebody that needs help
you probably should if you can somebody
mentioned recently that you know that
assigns a lot of responsibility to
people it does but I mean it needs to be
tempered with you do what you can when
you can for as long as you can you know
you can't burn yourself out helping
others but we don't have solid
leadership in this country and we have a
couple of events that are converging
that we probably could use solid
leadership we just don't have it that
means it's up to us
it's up to us as individuals it's up to
us as communities so as things progress
and if they get rough just remember
there's probably somebody out there that
could use your help and if you have the
means it'd be a good time to step up to
the plate anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night